This is the first time I have seen such an expensive necklace.
Sister, this is the heart of the ocean.
Look to the clouds
Who has such a big deal as Xu Shao?
Our Miss Li is the only one.
Does it look good? Cousin is really naive?
A fake heart of the ocean
Make you so happy again
What the hell?
The heart of the ocean is worth tens of billions
I've never seen a poor person like you
Only we can afford it
Today?
Let this poor man meet the top jewelry
It kind of opened his eyes
Yeah.
Let him take a look
That's the blessing he has cultivated in eight lifetimes
As far as I know
There is only one heart of the ocean in the world
And it's at the Delan jewelry store.
As the treasure of the town store
I don't know where Mr. Xu came from
How does this disease know that my baby is fake?
I've never seen it before, just pretending to be here
Dare to say mine is fake
Good idea.
Then ask the owner of Tiran Antique Shop to come and have a look
Is this one of yours real or fake?